We met in 2015 at NNU through Grant's sister, Lexi. I accompanied Lexi on multiple Johnson family outings including a ski trip and camping. Over this time, Grant and I developed a friendship. After I moved to OR for medical school in 2018, I didn't see Grant as often. However, Grant was on my short list of people I'd call on long road trips so it wasn't complete radio silence. Whenever I traveled through Nampa, I'd see Grant at group gatherings organized by Katie Maupin (my Best Woman). Ironically, on one of these trips, Grant even helped me edit my Hinge profile. Starting in Dec 2021, I had a few rotations in ID. Grant and I started spending more time together, just the two of us. He bought me dinner for my birthday, during which we jokingly made a pact that we'd get married if neither of us were married at 37-years-old, undercutting my previous marriage pact with another male friend by 2 years. I went to movies, to trivia nights, and on walks with him, all while dodging questions from Katie about the status of our relationship because those definitely weren't dates. Grant was just my little crush from undergrad that I had subtle flirting with. Obviously nothing would come of it, Katie. We even booked a vacation together just the two of us during this time "as friends." Talk about denial. Then a point of no return was crossed on Feb 18, 2022. Grant and I were watching a movie at his house, me wearing his sweatshirt and both of us snuggled under a blanket. Super platonic, right? We had our forearms crossed and it was just so easy to intertwine our fingers and hold hands for the entire movie. Holding hands was more overt flirting that we couldn't ignore as we had previously. After the movie on my drive home, ensue panic. I called Katie whose response was "omg yes finally!" I went to my rotation the next day where I couldn't focus in the slightest. Grant and I had a "define the relationship" conversation that evening that was essentially "so we've been flirting for 2 years and have never acknowledged it until last night so maybe we should go on a real date." So we did. Then we went on a lot more dates. Then we went on that vacation that we had planned before we were officially dating. Then Grant cheered for me at my medical school graduation, and I promptly moved to NV to start an internship year in general surgery. We spent a year in a long distance relationship (which I absolutely do not recommend), and then we moved together to VA in 2023 where I started an OB/GYN residency. Then I ugly cried when Grant proposed on Dec 22, 2023 in a beautiful house surrounded by twinkle lights. 

Although Grant and I didn't have a conventional relationship start (See Graph 1), I love our story. Grant saw me as an absolute bum on his family trips and somehow still wants to marry me. We were good friends before we developed crushes for each other and then we flirted for 2 years before going on our first date. Life with Grant is exponentially better, and I can't wait to marry him. 
- Dana


If you ask me, I'd say I first saw Grant in the Spring of 2015 when he visited NNU, our alma mater, as a prospective student. Lexi, Grant's sister and my friend, pointed him out to me from ~100 yards away as he played campus golf. If you ask Grant, he'd say we met during his first week at NNU in August 2015 in my and Lexi's campus apartment. Grant was introduced to me, one of Lexi's roommates. Grant was just my friend's brother for a long time. Then he became my friend as well as my friend's brother. Then he became my friend who I definitely shouldn't have feelings for because he's my friend's brother. Then he became my boyfriend. Sorry Lexi, but in my defense, you did say we'd make greater sister-in-laws. 
- Dana