Okay, so Dana covered pretty much everything, but I'm here to give you a glimpse through my eyes. Basically as soon as I got to know Dana though Lexi, I knew she was going to be someone I really liked, because she immediately was the kind of person who, without hesitation, would look at me right in the eyes and; I cannot stress this enough; say things like: "Grant. When you are wrong, admit it quickly and emphatically", with just the biggest grin. Almost no one in my life at that point had the gall to tell me so frequently how wrong I was about all sorts of stuff. So obviously we became good friends. Over the following years we continued to stay close, and I have to say, as much as I was honored to help her with her Hinge profile, it did sting a little. It was around that time  that I started noticing that I was actually really jealous of any guys that got to go on a date with Dana. Of course, I would never admit that to anyone, because we were friends of six years, and that was obviously, never going to happen. Now, to this day, I don't know how much Katie talked to my roommates Ben and Kilen, but at some point along the line, they both noticed that something was going on, especially through late 2021 and early 2022. After a Christmas party in 2021, Kilen point blank asked me when I was going to do something about my feelings for Dana. Mind you, I don't think I had ever really said ANYTHING to him about the inner workings of my heart. I was in complete denial. I guess it was obvious to everyone around us how much our feelings were starting to burst at the seams. After we held hands for the first time, I was so stressed out that I walked nearly 5 miles trying to figure out what I was going to say to her. The rest is history, and Dana laid it out perfectly. 

I am looking forward to a life filled with adventure, Dale Carnegie quotes, and both of us looking like complete bums all the time. I couldn't be more excited to marry the love of my life.
-Grant

