What is the purpose of it all? 
Around and 'round we go day after day, year after year, and it all begins to feel the same. I find this cycle to be infinitely frustrating. I don't want to be stuck in a static life culminating in an ultimate lack of meaning. I want to find myself at the end of it all, able to look back and feel that my life, even though it is small had a profound impact on the people around me, and hopefully the people around them as well. I want to have a contagious community of people who want to see the world left a better place than we found it, brighter and happier that it was when we got here. 

I want my daily job to be meaningful outside of my family. I don't want to bring home a paycheck just because I need to bring home a paycheck to survive. I want to do something that makes other peoples lives better. But am I able to find that on my own? I am not sure I have the propensity to come up with ideas that can be profitable enough for myself to make a living, while positively impacting the world around me. 

I find myself in a world surrounded by technology, and I think that we are crippled by it in many ways. The technology that we have is a beautiful curse. It enables humanity to be so much more productive and creative than before, but allows for just this horrible distopia that we all live in, where we have all become products to be mined. I don't want to be mined, I don't want humanity to become a resource. I am at the whim of technology though. It is all that I know in some ways. I am a tool to further the tech, and I enjoy the use of it, but the way it is going looks to me to be ultimately destructive. Can I change that. I don't think it is a train I can stop, but can I help to guide it? What can be done?